SEO component in theme with hreflang tags added (#208)
newrelic/gatsby-theme-newrelic: packages/gatsby-theme-newrelic/README.md

);
```

### `SEO`

A component that injects meta-tags, links, and other relevant tags for search engine optimization.

```js
import { SEO } from '@newrelic/gatsby-theme-newrelic';
```

**Props**

| Prop       | Type   | Required | Default | Description                                                   |
| ---------- | ------ | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `location` | string | yes      |         | object which must have properties of `pathname` and `origin`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `location` | string | yes      |         | The location object of the page where this is rendered. This object must have properties of `pathname` and `origin`. |
```

| `title`    | string | no       |         | title to be displayed in head.                                |
| `children` | node   | no       |         | any additional tags to be added to the `<head>` of the page   |

**Example**

```js
const MainLayout = () => (
  return (
    <>

>       <SEO location={location}/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <SEO location={location} />
```
